---
title: United Way Concert 2011
date: 2011-02-06
tags: news
---

UnitedWayBluegrass11The SpareTime Bluegrass Band is proud to announce its participation in the 10th Annual United Way Bluegrass Concert. The Event, held at the Barrymore, will take place at 1:00 p.m. on February 13th. Since the initial concert, SpareTime has had the pleasure of inviting other area groups and individuals to be part of the music and join in the benefit concert that benefits the local efforts of United Way in assisting area residents. This year the lineup includes Dave Landau with his popular show for children at 1:00 p.m. Dave is a consistent winner in the Best of Madison for Children's Entertainer, but, more than that, a consistent favorite with youngsters. The Cork 'n Bottle String Band is also on the bill. The Corks have been Madison bluegrass favorite for decades. Their tenure at Ken's Bar, the Memorial Union, and other venues has led to the formation of a loyal band of Corkheads eager to listen and watch the Cork 'n Bottle in action. Think of solid musicianship and great tunes. If you ever wondered what a bluegrass Marx Brothers band would be like, come to the Barrymore. The Oak Street Ramblers are again a group taking a part in the concert. the Ramblers have been a mainstay at the Alchemy and the Malt House for several years. This is a relatively young bluegrass band, but one that has been gaining in popularity for some time. Prepare yourself for beautiful harmonies and solid instrumentals. The group is currently mixing its first album. Come out and get a preview of the songs. SpareTime Bluegrass Band has been involved in all ten concerts. The two-time Madison Area Music Award winners have hosted the event. The group is equally adept at traditional bluegrass and material and sources as diverse as the Beatles, George Jones, and Blind Faith. The cost of the kid friendly concert is $10.00 for adults, $5.00 for children over five years of age. Children under five are free. The cost for a family is $20.00 (or the above cost, whichever is lower). The Barrymore Theater always had great snacks and beverages, and has welcomed this concert with open arms. Come out for an afternoon of fun.
